README.md, before:

## Transmitter

Repo for Jetbrains plugin **Transmitter**. Transmitter is a simple transmission tool based on rsync for sending your project to remote locations.

- Supported systems: Mac and Linux.
- Using a passwordless ssh key is recommended.
- To use password, `sshpass` needs to be installed.
- `Exclude` accepts a comma separated list of files/dirs.
- [Plugin homepage](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/13708-transmitter)

#### Usage
1. Configure connections in the menu Tools -> Transmitter Configuration

2. Select one of the connections to be project default via checkmark button

3. Send project using "Transmit project to Default Location" in the context menu

#### Screenshots
![config_menu](https://github.com/piekill/transmitter/blob/master/screenshots/config_menu.png?raw=true "Configuration Menu")
![config_dialog](https://github.com/piekill/transmitter/blob/master/screenshots/config_dialog.png?raw=true "Configuration Dialog")
![transmit_menu](https://github.com/piekill/transmitter/blob/master/screenshots/transmit_menu.png?raw=true "Transmit Menu")

Commit message:

support sending specific file/directory; fix compatible builds

README.md, after:

## Transmitter

Repo for Jetbrains plugin **Transmitter**. Transmitter is a simple transmission tool based on rsync for sending your project to remote locations.

- Supported systems: Mac and Linux.
- Using a passwordless ssh key is recommended.
- To use password, `sshpass` needs to be installed.
- `Exclude` accepts a comma separated list of files/dirs.
- [Plugin homepage](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/13708-transmitter)

#### Usage
1. Configure connections in the menu Tools -> Transmitter Configuration

2. Select one of the connections to be project default via checkmark button

3. Send project using "Transmit project to Default Location" in the context menu

4. Or send current file/directory using "Transmit to Default Location"

#### Screenshots
![config_menu](https://github.com/piekill/transmitter/blob/master/screenshots/config_menu.png?raw=true "Configuration Menu")
![config_dialog](https://github.com/piekill/transmitter/blob/master/screenshots/config_dialog.png?raw=true "Configuration Dialog")
![transmit_menu](https://github.com/piekill/transmitter/blob/master/screenshots/transmit_menu.png?raw=true "Transmit Menu")
